The dog went to the park.
This is a test.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Happy birthday to you. 
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Flying fish few by the space station.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
The lake is a long way from here.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Purple is the best city in the forest.



